To add Thymeleaf to our project, it's actually quite easy.
We just need to add another Maven dependency.
So we're going to build a dependency element.
We're going to add in a groupId of org.thymeleaf,
an artifactId of thymeleaf‑spring5 because we are using spring5,
and then the version of 3.0.11.RELEASE,
as that is the current release at the time of recording this course.
Let's go ahead and add that into our POM now and verify
that it's downloaded it to our project.
Adding that to our POM is as simple as opening up the pom.xml file,
and I'll make mine full‑screen so you can see it a little bit better.
I'm going to go underneath our spring‑boot‑starter‑tomcat,
but above the spring‑boot‑starter‑test.
And yes, order does matter in your dependencies.
It will load those onto your class path in the order in
which you have them in this file.
So, I want to go ahead and add that in there, I've just got
org.thymeleaf, thymeleaf‑spring5, and version 3.0.11.RELEASE.
I'm going to save that, and when I save it,
it'll automatically download that from the Maven repo. And I can verify
that it's in my project by scrolling down to the external dependencies
of my project structure, looking at the very bottom, and you can see
that I've got org.thymeleaf:thymeleaf:3.0.11 and
org.thymeleaf:thymeleaf‑spring5:3.0.11.RELEASE, so I've got everything
in there for the Spring versions that I'm using and the Thymeleaf
dependencies that I need.
I'm going to close this back over and get it ready for us to
add the rest of the code in our project. Let's look at what it takes to add the resolvers in here now.